Reviewer 1
Overall Recommendation: Weak Accept

Hakeme özenli incelemesi ve olumlu yorumları (strong baseline comparison, effective use of unlabeled data vb.) için teşekkür ederiz. 

Comment 1.1: In Section 5.4 (lines 955–970), the paper talks about the training
process by only mentioning the starting and ending loss values. This is acceptable,
however it would be more helpful and comprehensive to mention the figure behind
the page by reference before starting the discussion or include loss curves plotted over
epochs at the same page of the discussion to make the reading flow easier to the
reader.
Response: Hakeme değerli yorumu ve bunu dikkatimize sunduğu için teşekkür ederiz. Bu plotlar, hem metodumuzun beklenen şekilde train olduğunu göstermek bakımından, hem de validation - training loss arasındaki negatif farka bakarak modelimizin genişleme kapasitesini göstermesi bakımından anlamlıdır. 
Revision: Makalede ilgili kısma, figürlere bir referans ve minik bir tartışma ekle. Bir - iki cümle yeterli.

Comment 1.2: Some potential improvements can be in Section 4.1 (line 516), graph nodes are initialized using one-hot encodings, experiments
with other encodings like pretrained embeddings or learned node features can be helpful. Also, PCA dimensionality is fixed to d = 10 (subsection 4.1.1, line 566) however
testing separability or performance for different d values can show the effect of noise
reduction. In addition, several hyperparameters are fixed without ablation, such as
the projection dimension D = 128, the fusion weight λ, the margin m in the loss
function (Section 4.1.2), and number of training epochs, further exploring these parameters can add sensitivity analysis to the paper. These can improve the robustness
of the proposed method.
Response: We thank the reviewer for valuable suggestions. We acknowledge the validity and we state it as future work. 
Revisions: No need to make revisions regarding that. 

Comment 1.3: There are some grammatical issues in the paper that reduce the readability of the paper. For example, the acronym GCN is used before its full form (in
Abstract, line 39), including the full term (“Graph Convolutional Network (GCN)”)
in first use is advised. There is also a minor capitalization issue in the keyworks that
updating it as ”Semi-Supervised Learning” would improve the format of keywords.
Also, the term ”id est” on section 4, line 390, should be written as abbreviation (”i.e.”
not ”ie.”). Next, in the Introduction (Section 1, page 2, line 120), duplicated words
appear in phrases such as “for example for example”. Additionally, there is a missing comma in the enumeration (subsection 4.2, page 4, line 452) and incorrect plural
formation using apostrophes in page 5, section 4, figure 1 caption (“token ids” not
“token id’s”).
Response: Hakeme bu eksiklikleri dikkatimize sunduğu için teşekkür ederiz. İstenilen değişiklikler yapılarak paper daha iyi bir hale getirilmiştir.
Revisions: Hakemin saydığı değişiklikler. Hepsini zaten sayfa sayfa, section section listeleyeceğiz.

Comment 1.4: Paper mentions that the full replication package is publicly available (Section 5.2.2), but some files required to reproduce the training process are
missing from the GitHub repository and Google Drive. For example, the repository
does not include tokenized pairs train *.csv created by tokenizer.py plus the
files defining the graph structure for the SBERTGCN model (graph adj.npz and
graph adj node ids.npy) and scripts for generating them. Also, the training notebook siamese bert training.ipynb shows an interrupted execution by keyboard.
Addressing these issues by providing all of the required files and uploading a notebook with successful run can strengthen the reproducibility of the work.
Response: Hakeme teşekkür ederiz. İlk aşamada hızlı reproducibility için bazı dosyaların processed versiyonlarını çekerek paketi çalıştırdık. Fakat yorumunuzun geçerliliğini kabul ediyoruz ve şimdi reproducibilitypackage'imiz raw datayı sıfırdan işleyip deneylerimizi tamamlayacak kodlarla desteklenmiştir ve bahsettiğiniz eksiklik giderilmiştir. Aynı şekilde, notebook'umuz da tamamlanmış haliyle görüntülenmektedir (zaten çalışmaktaydı sadece çıktılar görüntülenmemekteydi).
Revisions: No revision on the original manuscript. MAybe you can give the github repo link (huseyin-karaca/graph-enhanced-dbd)
